{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang16393\deflangfe16393\themelang16393\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset1\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f409\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f410\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f412\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang16393\langfe16393\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp16393\langfenp16393 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang16393\langfe16393\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp16393\langfenp16393 
\snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid13378517}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator admin}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo11\dy18\hr16\min59}{\revtim\yr2017\mo11\dy18\hr16\min59}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages9}{\nofwords3053}{\nofchars17407}{\nofcharsws20420}{\vern32859}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale83\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot13378517
\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}
\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang16393\langfe16393\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp16393\langfenp16393 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Web Hosting
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
All Website.com web hosting accounts will display a "Coming Soon" web page by default when activated. This page informs visitors that the Subscriber has recently setup their account with Website.com. The "Coming Soon" default index web page may be removed
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 by the Subscriber at any time once they have access to the web server. The "Coming Soon" web page may include, but without limitation to, the following:
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Links to additional products and services offered by Website.com.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Advertisements for products and serv\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ices offered by third-parties.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 An internet search engine interface.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 All web page error requests (such as 403 errors or 404 errors) will direct traffic to a default Website.com error page. This error page informs visitors that the web page they are looking \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
for cannot be found, and may include, but without limitation to, the following:
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Links to additional products and services offered by Website.com.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Advertisements for products and services offered by third-parties.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 An internet search engine interface.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 At it\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 s sole discretion, Website.com may place advertisements or other commercial content on your website, emails or anywhere it deems fit.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Depending on which hosting plan you choose, you may request to change the billing term of your hosting service through yo\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ur account control panel. In such cases, the expiry date of your hosting service will be adjusted according to the billing term that you have requested. Any optional features for your hosting plan will be billed according to the term that you have request
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 e\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 d.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
If your hosting plan includes a free domain name, you will be required to pay a fee to reimburse Website.com for the domain name registration upon changing to another hosting plan or a billing term that does not include a free domain name. The amount o
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 f this fee will vary depending on the domain extension and on the registration term.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 All Website.com web hosting services, including service trials and promotional hosting offers, and their billing terms may be prorated and adjusted to expire on the last \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 day of a month.

\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
All service trials and promotion offers are considered to be delivered in full upon the completion of the service term stated on the trial or offer invoice found in your account control panel. Website.com is not obligated to provide reimbu
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 rsement for any proration or service term adjustment on service trials or promotional offers.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Promotional offers, including special introductory rates, promotional rates, or any non-regular pricing, are only available to new customers and are only valid f\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
or the initial term. All hosting services will renew at the regular renewal rate.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 In the absence of a cancellation request from you, your hosting service will be renewed for a successive term, at the regular renewal rate, on the 16th of the expiry month.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 4. Website Builder
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Website.com provides Subscribers with a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to use the Website Builder. The Website Builder is developed and owned by Website.com, and any reproduction, modification, creation of derivative 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
works from or redistribution of the Website Builder is expressly prohibited. The Website Builder, its structure, sequence, organization and source code are considered trade secrets of Website.com and are protected by trade secret laws.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Website.com does not claim ownership and is not responsible for any of the information, code, data, text, software, music, sounds, photographs, pictures, graphics, videos, messages, files or other materials ("User Content") submitted using the Website Bui
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 l\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 der. Subscriber is entirely responsible for all User Content uploaded, posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the Website Builder.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 You further acknowledge and agree that all User Content is non-transferable and non-transportable. Website.com will no\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
t assist any Subscribers with any reproduction, recovery, or distribution of any User Content. Upon service cancellation or termination for any reason, access to the Website Builder, including all User Content, third party content, and user information up
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 l\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 oaded, posted, emailed, or otherwise transmitted via the Website Builder, will be removed by Website.com.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Website.com makes no representations or warranties, either expressed or implied, with respect to the images offered through the Website Builder (the \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 "Images").
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
In the event of a dispute regarding any Image obtained via the Website Builder, you hereby release Website.com, its officers, directors, owners, agents, and employees from claims, demands, and damages, actual and consequential, of every kind an
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
d nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any connection with such disputes. Website.com is not a party to, and shall not be involved in or responsible for, transactions, agreements, and/or dis
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 p\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 utes between you and any third party.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 You may only use the Images on your website, while the website maintains an active service subscription with Website.com.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 5. Email
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Website.com's email service provides customers with the capability to send and recei\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ve email via the Internet. Website.com retains the right, at our sole discretion, to restrict the volume of messages transmitted or received by you in order to maintain the quality of our email services to other Subscribers and to protect our computer sys
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 t\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ems.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 As an owner and operator of the equipment and other resources utilized to provide services, Website.com has the legal right to block electronic communications from other entities on the Internet.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Website.com relies on the support of its sponsors and\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 advertisers to help offset the cost of the Services offered to its Subscribers. You acknowledge that as part of your Website.com Service, advertisement sponsored email newsletters may be sent to Subscribers and Website.com email service email accounts.

\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 6\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 . Definition of Unlimited Usage
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 What "Unlimited" means: Website.com does not set an arbitrary limit on the amount of resources an account can use.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 What "Unlimited" DOES NOT mean: The accounts are not intended to support the greater web hosting needs of l\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
arge enterprises or to be used as an online storage warehouse to store backups, archiving of electronic files or emails, documents, log files, etc. or to be used as a media file streaming/sharing hub.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Reselling any of the Service's resources is strictly p\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
rohibited. Any accounts found to be reselling resources will immediately be suspended, with or without notice. Reselling of account resources is only permitted if you are using a Reseller Hosting Plan, a Virtual Private Server (VPS) or a Dedicated Server.

\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Website.com's "Unlimited" services are provisioned in a shared hosting environment. Any account found to be adversely affecting the performance of other Subscriber accounts by excessively using network bandwidth, server storage, memory or CPU resources, w
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ill be flagged by Website.com administrators and anti-abuse controls. These Subscribers will then be asked to consider Virtual Private Server (VPS) or Dedicated Server services. Serious offenses will result in the account service suspension or termination
,\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  with or without notice.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7. Domain Name Registration
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Website.com offers domain name registration and renewal services in partnership with ICANN accredited registrars In2net Network Inc, Tucows, and Network Solutions. Website.com processes registration and renewal services through these respective registrars
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 at its discretion.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
You acknowledge and agree that you may not transfer the domain name registration to another domain name registrar during the first 60 days of the initial registration, or within 60 days of any successful transfer or renewal of the regis
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 tration. Website.com is authorized to deny any such transfer requests.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 You acknowledge and agree that Website.com may, but is not obligated to, place your domain name in a Domain Lock status to prevent unauthorized transfers of your domain name.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Domain n\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ames which have opted in to the Automatic Domain Renewal service, and any optional features associated with them, will be automatically renewed for the minimum term available for that domain type at the regular renewal rate 6 days prior to expiry. You wil
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 l\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 be solely responsible for all renewal costs and for any other costs in doing so. Subscribers may choose to opt in or out of the Automatic Domain Renewal service via your account control panel.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Promotional offers, including special introductory rates, pro\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
motional rates, or any non-regular pricing, are only available to new customers and are only valid for the initial term. All domain names registrations will renew at the regular renewal rate.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Subscribers who have purchased their domain name registration a\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
t a promotional price are subject to a Domain Transfer Fee when they transfer their registration to another domain name registrar during the purchased registration term.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Subscribers who wish to transfer their domain name registration to another domain nam\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 e registrar while the registration is expired are also subject to a Domain Transfer Fee.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 The Domain Transfer Fee is based on the domain type and is subject to any applicable taxes.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 General Domain Transfer Fee (.com, .net, .org, .biz, .info, .mobi, .us, .\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 eu, .me)\tab US$20.00
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Special Domain Transfer Fee (.co, .uk, .tv)\tab US$35.00
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 In additional to this Agreement, new domain registration accounts are also subject to the Domain Registration Agreements of the respective governing registries. The Domain Registration\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 Agreement can be found at: }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 HYPERLINK http://www.website.com/domain-registration-agreement/ }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b8400000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0077006500620073006900740065002e0063006f006d002f0064006f006d00610069006e002d0072006500670069007300740072006100740069006f00
6e002d00610067007200650065006d0065006e0074002f000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab0000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
http://www.website.com/domain-registration-agreement/}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 8. Service Fees / Payments / Invoices
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 All Website.com fees and charges are quoted and billed in US Dollars unless otherwise noted.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Members have the option to pay services fees in Canadian Dollars or US Dollars. If Canadian Dollars is selected as the billing currency, Members will be charged the Canadian Dollar equivalent of the US Dollar total. The exchange rate used ("Exchange Rate"
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 )\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  is subject to change from time to time and can always be found on the Website.com website at: }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 HYPERLINK http://www.website.com/terms-and-conditions/exchange-rate/ }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 
{\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b8e00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0077006500620073006900740065002e0063006f006d002f007400650072006d0073002d0061006e0064002d0063006f006e0064006900740069006f00
6e0073002f00650078006300680061006e00670065002d0072006100740065002f000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab0000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
http://www.website.com/terms-and-conditions/exchange-rate/}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Website.com uses an automated\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 payment processing system and only accepts credit card or PayPal payments at this time. All Subscribers are required to maintain valid payment information on file for the processing of any applicable service fees. At its sole discretion, Website.com may 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 u\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
se credit card issuer-approved services, such as VISA Account Updater and MasterCard Automatic Billing Updater, to acquire updated payment information for the purpose of processing outstanding payments that are on your account.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Website.com may take any re\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
asonable action to validate your payment and registration information, and collect all payments due. You agree to pay all attorney and collection fees arising from any efforts to collect any past due amounts from you, to the extent allowed by law.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Service\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  fees are due at the time of order or on the day of renewal. All fees must be paid in full.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Invoices for all Website.com services can be found by logging into your account control panel.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Billing inquiries and disputes should be brought to Website.com's a\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ttention within 30 days of the invoice date. Failure to do so will be deemed to be an admission that the invoice and charges are accurate.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 If any chargeback or charge dispute notices are received for your account, services provided to you may be immediate\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ly suspended pending investigation, and you will be subject to chargeback service charges. Where applicable, Website.com reserves the right to put your domain name into "Registrar Hold" status and deny any transfer requests for that domain name until the 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 c\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 hargeback or dispute issue has been resolved.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Accounts will be suspended if its service renewal fees are not paid within 72 hours of the due date. Accounts suspended in this manner can be re-activated upon payment of the Account Reactivation Fee (see belo
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 w).
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Any applications or requests for services will be declined if payment cannot be successfully processed within 72 hours of the order.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Website.com reserves the right to modify service fees and rates, effective upon posting on the Website.com website or\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 on this Agreement. Current service charges include the following (non-exclusive list):
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Account Reactivation Fee\tab US$15.00
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Chargeback Service Charge\tab US$25.00
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Reactivation Fee (TOS Violation)\tab US$25.00
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Refund Processing Fee\tab US$15.00
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 9. Definition of "No Tran\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 saction Fees"
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Website.com does not charge you any fees relating to the processing of transactions under your account ("Transaction Fees"). However, your selected payment processor, such as PayPal or Stripe, may still charge you Transaction Fees for each p
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ayment you receive. You will be solely responsible for any such Transaction Fees.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 10. Termination / Plan Change / Refund Policy
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Website.com may terminate your Service under the following circumstances (non-exclusive list):
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Non-payment of fees
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 You are in breach of any term or condition of this Agreement
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Your use of the Service disrupts Website.com business operations or affects any other party
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 All Subscriber data is removed from Website.com servers for such terminations.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 You may request account\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 termination or hosting plan changes at any time by contacting our Customer Service team either through phone or case ticket. Our contact information can be found on the Support page of our website: }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 HYPERLINK http://www.website.com/contact-us/ }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b5e00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0077006500620073006900740065002e0063006f006d002f0063006f006e0074006100630074002d00750073002f000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825d
c485276300000000a5ab0000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 http://www.w\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ebsite.com/contact-us/}}}\sectd \ltrsect
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
When submitting your cancellation request, you must provide the correct username and password for your account for verification. Incomplete cancellation requests will be deemed invalid and will not be processed. You will be respo
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 nsible for any service fees that arise from your failure to cancel your account.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Refunds will not be given for services that are billed monthly or for one-time service fees, such as web design fees, file recovery fees, domain redemption fees, etc. You are\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 eligible for a refund on hosting services that are not billed monthly under the following circumstances:
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 If you cancel your account within 30 days of sign-up, you will, upon request, receive a full refund on the hosting fees paid, less any setup fees or \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 one-time service fees.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
If you cancel your account within 45 days of a hosting service renewal, you will, upon request, receive a full refund on the hosting fees paid on your most recent renewal. You will be subject to a US$15.00 Refund Processing Fee for t
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 his refund.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
If you cancel your account within 14 days of a hosting plan change, you will, upon request, receive a full refund on the hosting fees paid on your most recent hosting plan change, less any setup fees or one-time service fees. You will be subjec
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 t to a US$15.00 Refund Processing Fee for this refund.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 If your hosting plan includes a free domain name, you may be required to pay an additional US$15.00 Domain Reimbursement Fee to reimburse Website.com for the domain name registration when you do any of
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  the following:
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 You cancel your subscription to the hosting plan.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Your subscription to the hosting plan ends.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 You make changes to your DNS settings.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 You transfer the domain name to another domain registrar.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Only one refund may be issued for each invoice. \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Website.com reserves the right to grant or deny any refund requests.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Domain name registrations, regardless if it is an initial registration or a renewal of an existing registration, cannot be cancelled and will remain in effect until the end of the regist\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ration term.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 11. Subscriber Responsibility
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 When you apply to use Website.com services, you will be ask\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ed to select a Subscriber ID and Password. The Subscriber ID and Password are the means through which you access certain services. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to safeguard the Subscriber ID and Password you select from any una
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 u\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 thorized use. IN NO EVENT WILL WEBSITE.COM BE LIABLE FOR THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OR MISUSE OF YOUR SUBSCRIBER ID OR PASSWORD.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Subscribers are responsible for maintaining accurate account information at all times, including credit card and contact information\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
. This information can be updated in your account control panel.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 12. Prohibited Conduct
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Website.com does not allow the use of unsolicited commercial email ("Spam") to promote products or services. Any Subscriber engaging in the sending of Spam through th\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
e Website.com network or promoting information on websites hosted by Website.com will be considered in breach of this Agreement and will be suspended from the Service immediately.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Your use of the Service must be in compliance with Canadian and US laws, an\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 d the laws of your country at all times.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 You are responsible for ensuring that your use of the Service does not consume excessive system or network resources that disrupts the normal use of the Service through, but not limited to, spawning multiple proces
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ses, or consuming excessive amounts of memory, CPU or bandwidth capacity.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 The following is a non-exclusive list of content, and behavior prohibited by the Service:
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Content that contains or contains links to: nudity, pornography, adult content, materials \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 with sex or foul language.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Content that condones, promotes, contains, or links to warez, cracks, hacks, their associated utilities, or other piracy related information, whether for educational purposes or not.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Content that has been promoted through the sen\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ding of Spam or mail fraud schemes, or pages that promote or condone the sending of Spam. The sending of bulk email originating from our servers mass distributed to unknown recipients soliciting products or services, or of bulk email NOT originating from 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 o\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ur servers mass distributed to unknown recipients soliciting products or services relating to a Website.com account will result in immediate account suspension.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Content that is grossly offensive to the community, including blatant expressions for bigotry, \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
prejudice, racism, hatred or excessive profanity, or to post any obscene, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectable material.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Content or otherwise that exploits children under 18 years of age.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Content that sells or promotes any produc\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ts or services that are unlawful in the location at which the content is posted or received.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Content that infringes or violates any copyright, patent, trademark, service mark, trade name, trade secret, or other intellectual property right of any third part\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 y.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Content that promotes mail fraud, multi-level marketing (pyramid) schemes or other illegal or fraudulent activities.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Content that posts or discloses any personally identifying information or private information about any third parties without their expr\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ess consent.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Reverse engineering, reverse compiling or otherwise deriving the underlying source code or structure or sequence of any Website.com service, solution or technology.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Reverse engineering, reverse compiling or otherwise deriving the underlying so\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 urce code or structure or sequence of individual passwording of Subscriber Sites (or pages contained therein).

\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 13. Notices
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
You agree that, unless other instructions are posted on Website.com's website, any notices required to be given under this Agreement will be deemed to have been given if delivered by email or fax, or sent by registered mail or by courier to each of the pa
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 r\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ties in accordance with the most current contact information you have provided to us, and the contact information for Website.com posted on the Website.com website. All notices shall be effective upon receipt, except that email and fax notices shall be ef
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 f\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ective upon transmission.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 14. Privacy
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 The Website.com Privacy Policy sets out our obligations with respect to the safeguarding, collection and use of Subscribers' personal information. The Website.com Privacy Policy is subject to modification from time t
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 o time, and such changes are effective upon posting of the modified policy to this URL: }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 HYPERLINK http://www.website.com/privacy-policy/ }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b6600000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0077006500620073006900740065002e0063006f006d002f0070007200690076006100630079002d0070006f006c006900630079002f000000795881f4
3b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab0000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 http://www.website.com/privacy-policy/}}}\sectd \ltrsect
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs18\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid13378517 
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Email newsletters will only be sent directly by Website.com. Subscriber info\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
rmation will not be disclosed or sold to any third parties. You may also be contacted by Website.com's designated customer review software provider for customer experience and service feedback.
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87615b8116d8
a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad79482a9c04
98f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b5d8a314d3c
94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab999fb7b471
7509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9699640f671
9e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd5868b37a088d1
e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d60cf03ac1a5
193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f9e7ef3f2d1
17d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be15c308d3f2
8acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a99793849c26ae6
6252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d32a423279a
668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2af074481847
bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86e877f0034e
16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d3311da9750aa9d0a1cd3e4efca31a3508f6d0c5c5c398602f8e2ebc71591f5b616e24dd893aa3261fb44f95d843b
5974bb5c04f4edafb95b7892ec1108f3f98de75dc97d5772bdff7cc95d94cf672db4b3da0a6557f70db629362d72bcb0431e53c6066acac80d699a6409fb44d0
8741bdce9c0e4971624a2378cceaba830b05366b90e0ea23aaa241845368b0eb9e2612ca8c742851ca251ceccc70256d8d87265dd96361531f186c3d9058edf2
c00eafe8e1fc5c509031bb4d680e9f39a3154de0accc56ae644441edd76156d7429d995bdd88664a9dc3ad50197c38af1a0c16d684060441db02565e85f3b966
0d0713cc48a0ed6ef7dedc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c78ab90980d8a9f0913ee49d62b512b79626fb06dccee2a432bbc60276b9f7dec44b
7904cfbca4f3f6443ab2a49c9c2c41476dafd55c6e7ac8c769db1bc399161ee314bc2e75cf8759081743be1236ec4f4d6693e5336fb672c5dc24a8c33585b5fb
9cc24e1d4885545b58463634cc5416022cd19cacfccb4d30eb45296023fd35a458598360f8d7a4003bbaae25e331f155d9d9a5116d3bfb9a95523e51440ca2e0
088dd844ec6370bf0e55d027a012ae264c45d02f708fa6ad6da6dce29c255df9f6cae0ec38666984b372ab5334cf640b37795cc860de4ae2816e95b21be5ceaf
8a49f90b52a51cc6ff3355f47e0237052b81f6800fd7b802239daf6d8f0b1571a8426944fdbe80c6c1d40e8816b88b8569082ab84c36ff0539d4ff6dce591a26
ade1c0a7f669880485fd484582903d284b26fa4e2156cff62e4b9265844c4495c495a9157b440e091bea1ab8aaf7760f4510eaa69a6465c0e04ec69ffb9e65d0
28d44d4e39df9c1a52ecbd3607fee9cec7263328e5d661d3d0e4f62f44acd855ed7ab33cdf7bcb8ae889599bd5c8b3029895b6825696f6af29c239b75a5bb1e6
345e6ee6c28117e73586c1a2214ae1be07e93fb0ff51e133fb65426fa843be0fb515c187064d0cc206a2fa926d3c902e907670048d931db4c1a44959d366ad93
b65abe595f70a75bf03d616c2dd959fc7d4e6317cd99cbcec9c58b34766661c7d6766ca1a9c1b327531486c6f941c638c67cd22a7f75e2a37be0e82db8df9f30
254d30c1372581a1f51c983c80e4b71ccdd28dbf000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f74
68656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f24
51eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198
720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528
a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000
000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000
002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468
656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b000016000000000000000000
00000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000000000
00000000000000009b0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000960a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f00000000000000000000000080ac
ab786060d301feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}